new metrics to expose fs type for vmsingle/vmstorage/vmagent (#10566)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/victoriametrics/changelog/CHANGELOG.md

See also [LTS releases](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/lts-releases/).

## tip

> * FEATURE: [vmagent](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/vmagent/), [vmsingle](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/single-server-victoriametrics/) and `vmstorage` in [VictoriaMetrics cluster](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/cluster-victoriametrics/): introduce metric `vm_fs_info` to expose the filesystem information of the storage path. See [#10482](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/10482).

Reviewer: add new line

## tip

> * FEATURE: [vmagent](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/vmagent/), [vmsingle](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/single-server-victoriametrics/) and `vmstorage` in [VictoriaMetrics cluster](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/cluster-victoriametrics/): introduce metric `vm_fs_info` to expose the filesystem information of the storage path. See [#10482](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/10482).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* FEATURE: [vmagent](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/vmagent/), [vmsingle](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/single-server-victoriametrics/) and `vmstorage` in [VictoriaMetrics cluster](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/cluster-victoriametrics/): introduce the `vm_fs_info` metric. It exposes the filesystem type (e.g., ext4, xfs, nfs) used for `-storageDataPath` (storage) and `-remoteWrite.tmpDataPath` (vmagent). See [#10482](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/10482).
```
